Who was the last master of Dumbledore’s wand before Harry?
A. Voldemort B.Gregorovitch C.Draco D.Ollivander
$Who became Minister of Magic after Scrimgeour?
A. Fudge B.Shacklebolt C.Voldemort D.Thicknesse
$Who stole the locket of Slytherin?
A. Kreacher B.Mundungus C.Regulus D.Dumbledore
$What charm did Hermione cast on the beaded bag?
A. Meteolojinx Recanto B.Undetectable ExtensionC.Muffliato D.Protego Totalum
$Who wields the Sword of Gryffindor?
A. Neville B.Hermione C.Ron D.Harry
$If Harry is a descendant of the Peverells, who is his distant cousin?
A. Mood B.Ron C.Voldemort D.Dumbledore
$What explodes inside the Lovegood residence?
A. An Erumpent horn B.A Crumple-Horned Snorkack C.Plimpie soup D.A Flagrante horn
$What are the Deathly Hallows?
A. Cloak of Invisibility, Unbeatable Wand, Resurrection Stone B.Resurrection Cloak, Unbeatable Wand, Ring of Invisibility C.Cloak of Invisibility, Elder Wand, Resurrection Stone D.Cloak of Death, Deathstick, One True Ring
$Who is not one of the Peverells?
A. Ignotus B.Cadmun C.Antioch D.Loxias
$How does one get into the Ravenclaw Common Room?
A. Casting the Allo Amora B.Reciting a metered passphrase C.Through the door D.Answering a riddle
$Who is not held captive in the Malfoys’ basement?
A. Griphook B.Luna C.Dean D.Ollivander
$Who kills Peter Pettigrew?
A. Voldemort B.RoN C.Shacklebolt D.Arthur
$What is Dobby’s epitaph?
A. An heroic friend B.A good friend C.A great elf D.A free elf
$Where does Aberforth work?
A. The Wizardingamot B.The Hog’s Head C.The Leakey Cauldron D.The Department of Mysteries
$What guards the LeStrange vault?
A. The Gemini curse B.The Thief’s Downfall C.A Dragon D.All of these
$How many boys are in house Gryffindor in Harry’s year?
A. 4 B.5 C.6 D.7
$What is Nearly Headless Nick’s full name?
A. Sir Nicholas Basbanes B.Sir Nicolo Busconi C.Sir Nicholas de Mimsey-Porpington D.Sir Nicholas Wright-Grayfelder
$Grey Lady was the ghost of which  house
A.Gryffindor  B.Hufflepuff  C.Ravenclaw  D.Slytherin
$In which book does Harry ask Cho out?
A. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone B.Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban C.Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire D.Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
$What is not a Horcrux?
A. The Cup of Hufflepuff B.The Diadem of Ravencla C.The Sword of Gryffindor D.The Locket of Slytherin
$How many times does Gryffindor win the Quiddtich Cup?
A. 3 B.4 C.5 D.6
$How many Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers have taught at Hogwarts since the beginning of the series?
A. 4 B.5 C.6 D.7
$Which is the largest school of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the World?
A. Beaubaton B.Hogwarts C.Ceol Caesteal D.Durmstrang
$Which of the Founders did not want to teach Muggleborn or half-breed students?
A. Griffindor B.Hufflepuff C.Ravenclaw D.Slytherin
$How many different songs do we see the Sorting Hat sing?
A. 2 B.3 C.4 D.5
$How many courses are offered at Hogwarts?
A. 9 B.11 C.13 D.15
$Tonks can change her physical appearance at will. What is the name of this power?
A. Animagism B.metamorphmagus C.transmorgrification D.plastic surgerism
$In what book does Hermione kiss Ron?
A. Deathly Hallows B.Half-Blood Prince C.Goblet of Fire D.Order of the Phoenix
$How many sets of twins attend Hogwarts that we know of?
A. One B.two C.three D.four
$What is the name of the curse Harry survives?
A. Cruciatus Curse (Crucio) B.Obliteration Curse (Oblitesco) C.Imperius Curse (Imperio) D.Killing Curse (Avada Kedavra)
$How does Hagrid bring baby Harry to the Dursley’s?
A. Broomstick B.motorcycle C.Floo powder D.Transmorgrification
$Who delivers Harry’s entrance letter to Hogwarts?
A. Hagrid B.An owL C.The mailman D.Hedwig
$What wizard did Dumbledore defeat in 1945?
A. Grunnion B.Grendel C.Flamel D.Grindelwald
$What special item comes with every Chocolate Frog?
A. a toy wand B.a trading card C.a coupon D.fool’s gold
$Who holds the fortune left to Harry by his parents?
A. Weasley’s  B.Gringotts C.Dumbledore D.Sirius
$Who guards the Gryffindor Tower entrance?
A. Nearly Headless Nick C.Sir Cadoga C.The Fat Lady D.Peeves
$Who gave Harry his Nimbus 2000?
A. Hooch B.Dumbledore C.Sirius D.McGonagall
$How many Horcruxes did Voldemort make?
      A.7 B.6 C.5 D.4
$What are the Inferi?
A. animated corpses B.fire demon C.a creature resembling a lobster D.a creature resembling a hedgehog
$Who is the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor in 6 th year?
A. Snape B.Slughorn C.Scrimgeour D.Pince
$When is Tom Riddle's birthday?
A. Autumnal Equinox  B.New Year's Eve C.Winter Solstice D.Christmas Day
$Where does the "Slug Club" first meet?
A. On the Hogwarts Express B.In Slughorn's Office C.In the Room of Requirement D.By the lake
$What position did Scrimgeour hold in the Ministry of Magic before becoming
The Minister?
A. Head of Magical Law Enforcement  B.Head of the Department of Mysteries C.Head of the Auror Office D.He didn't work for the Ministery
$Which was not an OWL Harry earned?
A. Arithmancy B.Potions C.Charms D.Transfiguration
$Which bridge is destroyed by Voldemort?
A. London B.Castle C.Hungerford D.Millineum
$What does Slughorn disguise himself as when Dumbledore goes to his house?
A. a chair B.a couce C.a magazine rack D.a lamp
$Why does Voldemort recruit Draco into the Deatheaters?
A. Draco can get close to Dumbledore B.to punish Lucius C.to test Draco's loyalty D.Draco is expendable
$Who is not a Deatheater?
A. Antonin Dolohov B.Regulus Black C.Fenrir Greyback D.Walden Macnair
$What happened to Ollivander?
A. he was killed by Deatheaters B.he was recruited by Deatheaters C.he was kidnapped by Deatheaters  D.nothing
$The shrieking shak was-
A. most haunted building B.Lupin's hide out C.Connected to whiphing willow  D. All of these
$
